---
layout: default

parent: 2. Biz / Browser Overview

title: 2.10. Debug Run-time Constraints
nav_order: 10
---

# {{ page.title }}

Biz / Browser, Biz / Browser Mobile for Windows, Biz / Browser AI for Windows uses WinInet module (Microsoft's Internet communication library) as a communication module.

It will be distributed with Internet Explorer and will be upgraded with the version of Internet Explorer.

When executing debugging from Biz / Designer, Biz / Designer is temporarily regarded as a proxy server, and debug information is collected by passing it through communication.

However, in the WinInet module provided by Internet Explorer version 7 or later, the specification has been changed so that the proxy setting is ignored when connecting to "localhost (127.0.0.1)".

Therefore, in the environment of Internet Explorer version 7 or later, when executing a test from Biz / Designer, when HTTP communication is performed by specifying "localhost (127.0.0.1)", a connection to "localhost (127.0.0.1)" is detected. Then, the connection destination is replaced with the computer name and communication is performed.

At that time, the following message is displayed in the output view of Biz / Designer.

```
The host name "localhost(127.0.0.1)" cannot be used by debugging
in the IE7 environment.
The host name was changed to "＜server name＞".
```

Therefore, if you try to link with a web server or database server running on the local machine, problems may occur if the server name localhost is set to access.

When using the server of the local machine in combination with Biz / Designer, please set so that it can be accessed by the machine name.

There is no effect in the environment of Internet Explorer version 6 or earlier.