---
layout: default

parent: 2. Biz / Browser Overview

title: 2.4 PC vs Mobile 
nav_order: 4
---

# {{ page.title }}

This chapter describes the structural differences between the PC version and the Mobile version.


**<u>UserAgent Differences</u> <br>**
The User Agent at the time of request to the Web server differs between the PC version and the Mobile version.

Please be careful when the process is branched by UserAgent .

|          	| UserAgent          	|
|:--------:	|--------------------	|
| PC version     	| Biz/Browser        	|
| Mobile version 	| Biz/Browser Mobile 	|

**<u>SYS object</u> <br>**
The value of the SYS object is different.

|          	| SYS.CLIENT        	|
|:--------:	|--------------------	|
| PC version     	| Biz/Browser        	|
| Mobile version 	| Biz/Browser Mobile 	|

In addition, SYS.CLIENT_VERSION is also the version being executed, so be careful when branching the process with SYS.CLIENT, or when branching the process only by the version number.

**<u>Constant "$ MOBILE"</u> <br>**
In Biz / Browser Mobile, the constant $ MOBILE is set to 1 at runtime. By using this, it is possible to describe a hybrid CRS that branches the process from the previous version when executing CRS, ignores it when executing Biz / Browser for PC, and executes it only when executing Mobile.

**<u>root object, form object under root</u> <br>**
In the Mobile version, the main window = root object is maximized on the screen at startup and cannot be modified.

In addition, the Form object directly under root is **automatically resized to the maximum size that can be displayed** at startup regardless of the size setting.


**<u>MaxLength property of Edit object</u> <br>**
Unlike the PC version, in the Mobile version, the MaxLength property is unified by the number of characters (Unicode unit).

**<u>Precautions regarding Unicode conversion</u> <br>**
In the Mobile version, the CRS execution engine itself holds character data in ShiftJIS, but the GUI operates based on Unicode.

Therefore, conversion between Unicode and ShiftJIS is performed internally when inputting and displaying.

Since the input object operates in Unicode, you can enter characters specified in Unicode, but since it is converted to ShiftJIS when it is stored in the execution engine, if you enter characters that do not exist in ShiftJIS, it will be entered as an indefinite character.

Conversely, when displaying, if you try to display data that does not hold as a ShiftJIS character string, Unicode conversion will fail.

In the case of the PC version, characters are displayed to some extent even though they are garbled, but in the case of the Mobile version, Unicode conversion is not possible, so it is displayed as "(N / A)".

**<u>Custom command line options</u> <br>**
The following describes the command line options that are supported only for the Mobile version.

***/proxy \****<br>
Normal Biz / Browser Mobile follows the OS standard proxy specification and the proxy specification of the communication provider, and communicates so that the proxy server is mainly used.

However, if there is a problem with the proxy network and the connection to the server fails, this option will attempt to connect directly to the server without using the proxy specification.

The UseHttpPreconfig property of the root object behaves similarly.<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 3.1.0*</small>

***/force [URL]*** <br>
Biz / Browser Mobile prohibits multiple launches.

If this option is specified, Biz / Browser Mobile that is already running can be forcibly moved to the specified URL.<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 3.2.0*</small>

***/fontquality [n]*** <br>
Specify when changing the font quality of Biz / Browser Mobile.

0: Default quality (OS standard), 1: Antialiasing font, 2: ClearType font

Normally, 0 is specified as the default in the Windows CE system, and 2 is specified as the default in the Windows Mobile system, but if there is a problem with the character display, it may be possible to avoid the problem by changing the specification.<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 3.2.1*</small>

***/scaling [param]*** <br>
Specify this when scaling the entire Biz / Browser Mobile.

This specification is higher than the HorizontalScale and VerticalScale specifications of the Form class, and the scaling specification for Form is the specification by this command line multiplied by the scaling ratio of Form.

This feature allows you to adjust the screen size without changing the application if you want the application to run on a device that has a different screen size than the one on which you designed it.

This specification is valid until the end of Biz / Browser Mobile and cannot be changed on the way.

**1./scaling auto** <br>
After starting Biz / Browser, the scaling ratio is automatically determined from the difference between the size of the Form loaded for the first time and the effective area of the screen (the maximum display area of the Form excluding the menu and taskbar).

The aspect ratio is calculated separately (the aspect ratio is not maintained), so if the size of the Form and the shape of the screen are significantly different, the display may be corrupted.

For the font scaling ratio, the smaller ratio of height and width is used.<br>

**2./scaling h1.5,v2.0,f0.8** <br>
ou can specify the vertical (h), horizontal (v), and font (f) scaling ratios individually.

Combine the type symbols (h, v, f) and ratios (0.1 to 1 to 10) and specify them separated by commas.

The order does not affect. Non-numeric characters including type symbols, commas, and decimal points are invalid.<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 4.5.0*</small>

**<u>Custom system properties</u> <br>**
Only the Mobile version has the property added to the property of the //.SYS object.

***MODELNAME*** <br>
The manufacturer name and model name set by the manufacturer can be obtained.

Since the manufacturer can set it freely, it is not always possible to obtain it. Also, there is no regularity in the format.

This property enables conditional branching and coding depending on the model.
<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 3.2.0*</small>

***PLATFORM*** <br>
The platform type can be acquired.

Using this value makes it possible to judge different platforms of the same OS such as Windows CE and Windows Mobile, which cannot be distinguished only by the OS and version.
<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 3.2.0*</small>

***DEVICEID*** <br>
You can get the unique ID of the device.

Using this value enables individual management and logging of each devide on the server side.

However, in Windows CE (excluding Windows Mobile), there is no unified acquisition method, so the value is not guaranteed.

Exceptionally, if the Windows API Kernel IoControl's IOCTL_HAL_GET_UUID option is supported, a valid value is set.
<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 3.2.1*</small>

***LANGUAGEID*** <br>
The language ID (locale ID / LCID) of the running OS can be obtained.

Using this value makes it possible to determine the operating language in the CRS and branch the process.
<br>
<small>*Added from Mobile Ver. 4.5.0*</small>