---
layout: default

parent: 2. Biz / Browser Overview

title: 2.9. About security level
nav_order: 9
---

# {{ page.title }}

Biz / Browser V and later and Biz / Browser AI introduced the concept of security level.

In the past, Biz / Browser used to display warnings when accessing local resources and suppress calls to external applications in order to ensure security.

However, in an environment where security is ensured, such as operation on an intranet, there are cases where warnings are unnecessary or it may be permitted to limit the linkage of external applications.

By setting the security level, it is possible to control the warning display, enable the use of functions that are normally prohibited by security, and vice versa.

**<u>How to specify the security level</u><br>**
The security level is specified in 5 levels from level 0 (low) to level 2 (medium, equivalent to the conventional Biz / Browser) to level 4 (high).

If no security level is specified, it will be set to level 2.

There are two ways to specify the security level.

1. Specify in the connection license certificate<br>With Biz / Browser V or later and Biz / Browser AI, you can manage the security level with a [connection license](/bizBrowserV/4/4-5/).<br>The security level is stated on the [connection license certificate](), and five types of certificates from level 0 to level 4 are issued when the license is issued.<br>Select the security level certificate you want to use in the application and place it on the Web server in the same way as the connection license certificate that was previously placed on the Web server.<br>If you register a connection license certificate in Biz / Browser, the security level stated in the certificate will be applied when connecting to the Web server.
1. Specified in the registry<br>You can also set the security level by setting a value in the registry of each client.<br>HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE \ SOFTWARE \ AXISSOFT \ BizBrowser \ 5.0 \ profiles \ 5.0.0 \ SecurityLevel Set the DWORD value name level to level 0-4.<br>(In 64bitOS, it is HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE \ SOFTWARE \ WOW6432Node \ AXISSOFT \ BizBrowser \ 5.0 \ profiles \ 5.0.0 \ SecurityLevel key.)<br>*<small>AI does not support specifying in the registry</small>*

**<u>Priority for specifying security level</u><br>**
The security level is set with the following priorities.

If multiple license certificates are installed in Biz / Browser, they will be set to the lowest security level.
Also, setting the security level in the registry takes precedence over the license certificate.

**<u>List of function availability by security level</u><br>**
The following features are affected by security level

<table>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">Subject</td>
        <td rowspan="2">Function</td>
        <td colspan="5">Security Level</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>0</td>
        <td>1</td>
        <td>2</td>
        <td>3</td>
        <td>4</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><a>FileSystem.Mount</a> method</td>
        <td>Security warning dialog on mount</td>
        <td colspan="2">Not displayed</td>
        <td colspan="2">Displayed at first.<br>After 2 times, it will be suppressed.</td>
        <td>Always displayed</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2"><a>Runtime.Exec</a>, <a>Runtime.ShellOpen</a>, <a>Runtime.ShellEdit</a>, <a>Runtime.ShellLink</a>, <a>Runtime.ShellPrint</a>, <a>link</a> method</td>
        <td>Execution of executable files (exe, bat, etc.) and .lnk files (shortcut files)</td>
        <td>Run without confirmation</td>
        <td>Displays warning</td>
        <td columnspan="3">Not executable</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Displaying a security warning dialog when opening an external file</td>
        <td>Not displayed</td>
        <td colspan="3">Displayed at first.<br>After 2 times, it will be suppressed.</td>
        <td>Always displayed</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><a>ExternalObject</a> class (.NET integration), <br><a>ExtVal</a> class (.NET integration), <br><a>ExternalObject</a> class (Java integration), <br><a>ExtVal</a> class (Java integration)</td>
        <td>Creating external objects with the .NET Framework or Dalvik VM</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td colspan="4">No</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><a>Intent</a> class</td>
        <td>Issuing intents for other Android apps</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td colspan="4">No</td>
    </tr>
</table>
