---
layout: default

parent: 4. Startup Behavior

title: 4.1 Biz / Browser extension association
nav_order: 1
---


# {{ page.title }}

When you install Biz / Browser , the following extensions will be registered in Windows. <br>
*<small>Mobile & AI has no extension association</small>*


**<u>CRS</u>** <br>
It is a normal CRS file. Biz / Browser is started by "Open" operation (double-click etc.) of the file.<br>
When opened in Internet Explorer, Biz / Browser is displayed inside Internet Explorer. <br>
*<small>Extension CRSEXT has been added from ver4.3.0.2</small>*



**<u>CAR</u>** <br>
[CRS archive](/bizBrowserV/3/3-5/). Biz / Browser is started by "Open" operation (double-click etc.) of the file.<br>
When opened in Internet Explorer , it does not appear inside Internet Explorer, but rather in a new Biz / Browser window.

**<u>CRSnn , CRXnn , CARnn ( nn is the version number)</u>** <br>
Each has the same role as each file except nn , but is associated with the version of Biz / Browser that corresponds to nn . For example, if you install Biz / Browser ver4.1.0.3 , it will be CRS41 , CRX41 , CAR41 , and they will all be associated with Biz / Browser ver4.1.0.3 .


| Version         	| Extension             	|
|-----------------	|-----------------------	|
| 4.0.xx          	| CRS40 , CRX40 , CAR40 	|
| 4.1.xx ~ 4.3.xx 	| CRS41 , CRX41 , CAR41 	|
| 5.0.xx          	| CRS50 , CRX50 , CAR50 	|

Extensions without a version (normal extensions) may have different versions of Biz / Browser associated with them depending on the installation status.

Normal applications use an unversioned extension, but if you want to run a specific version of Biz / Browser inside Internet Explorer , use a versioned extension. For example, when you want to make the application created for ver4.1 and the application created for ver5.0 coexist , you can select the version of Biz / Browser to be started using the extension with the version.

The versioned extension uses only the first file that Internet Explorer downloads. After the specified version of Biz / Browser is launched, it is common to use the normal extension. <br>
*<small>CRSnn, CRXnn, CARnn have been added from Ver.4.0.7</small>*
 
Login operation is performed by dragging and dropping CRS , CRX , and CAR files to the menu bar of Biz / Browser . If you drop a file with any other extension, an error will occur.<br>
*<small>From ver4.3.0.4 , the types of files that can be dragged and dropped onto the menu bar are limited to CRS , CRX , CAR , CRSEXT , CRSnn , CRXnn , and CARnn ( nn is a numerical value).</small>*
 