---
layout: default

parent: 4. Startup Behavior

title: 4.4 Behavior when logging in to Biz / Browser
nav_order: 4
---


# {{ page.title }}

When Biz / Browser connects to the server, it does the following: <br>

**<u>Reset existing objects</u>** <br> 
All objects created by the application will be deleted. User-defined packages, user-defined classes, etc. are all released. <br>
The profile set by the [changeProfile]() function is reset to the initial value.


**<u>Reset existing session</u>** <br> 
Delete the session information (cookies, user ID , password, etc.) of the server you were previously connected to . Cookies received from the server you were connected to before login and passwords received by HTTP authentication will be lost and cannot be sent to the newly connected server.


**<u>Regeneration of system objects</u>** <br> 
Rebuild and reset the //.SYS system object. The //.SYS.APPROOT and color palette set by the previously logged-in server will be initialized and reset at this stage. However, //.ShellId is never reset.

 
**<u>Loading the root handler</u>** <br> 
If there is a settings.v41 \ default \ rootHandler.crs file in the startup directory ( C: \ Program Files \ AXIS SOFT \ BizBrowser in standard installation), get that file to "//" ( Root object) with the [Get]() method. To do.

rootHandler.crs is a script to display a pop-up menu equivalent to the system menu for right mouse clicks.

Note that if you provide an OnRClicked event handler for the Form directly under the Root object , the root handler will not be able to receive the event and will not work. 

When logging in using the [SLogin]() method, the root handler loading operation is suppressed and not executed. Therefore, the right-click pop-up menu disappears.

*<small>Does not run on AI & Mobile <br> This behavior has been abolished since Ver.5.0.0.</small>*


**<u>Loading the initial URL</u>** <br> 
If no file name is specified in the login URL , the default /menu.crs will be used. If the URL contains a file name, that file will be the target.

Get the target initial CRS file to "//" ( Root object) with the [Get]() method. This file is not cached and is always downloaded from the server.

**<u>Processing when login fails</u>** <br>  
 Since the state is reset when the Login method is executed, error handling cannot normally be performed on the script if the [Login]() method execution fails.

By making the following settings, it is possible to execute the specified CRS only when a communication error (CRS-331) occurs during the [Login]() method.

Set the values ​​below in the following registry: <br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE \ SOFTWARE \ AXISSOFT \ BizBrowser \ 5.0 \ profiles \ 5.0.0 \
&nbsp; &nbsp; ( For 64bitOS , HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE \ SOFTWARE \ WOW6432Node \ AXISSOFT \ BizBrowser \ 5.0 \ profiles \ 5.0.0 \ )


|      Name     	| Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	|
|:-------------:	|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| LoginErrorCRS 	| REG_SZ                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	|
|       1       	| If an unhandled exception occurs, debug information (core dump) is output. If a core dump already exists, it will be overwritten. (Equivalent to the operation of the conventional Biz / Browser)                                                                     	|
|       2       	| Debug information (core dump) is output every time an exception occurs, regardless of whether it is handled or not . The process ID and 4 -digit serial number are assigned to the core dump file name, and a new core dump is created each time a core dump is output. 	|

*<small>Added from Ver.5.0.1 <br> Not supported by AI & Mobile</small>*  